we're gonna go all this God you look so
fucking weird doing that on top of it
gas station truck dude I'll join you all
join me oh yeah
I love it Frankie you're the driver
idiot what are you doing let me go
inside the truck waiting for you yeah
dude Circle all right let's go let's do
this
Oh God okay tell me why a new assassin
was gonna be like the first one gone
Hey oh you got to keep your balance
I think that balance you plastic it'll
take you hit a tree you're a damn tree
you idiot the front is so messed up
because you get the train here we go
here we go
no more trees in the way oh my god I'm
the only one Oh God
oh my god holy shit dude I'm just flying
I ended in Japan let's go good dude
awesome alright guys we're gonna go to a
new way it's that ramp down there oh my
god yeah oh my oh my god it's awesome
kill them that's three three five three
we're stuck by a tree are you serious
we're stuck by a tree you guys really
something we got to do oh my god right
everybody get on top we're gonna do this
one more time okay okay easy
watch out with the tree watch out with
the tree easy easy easy easy
yeah no rock a fucking rock this time
it's a wrap okay I don't have it I may
have it oh oh oh come on Frankie
come on come on
what's out with the rock hold on to stay
there
Stephen gonna move it we're gonna do it
we're gonna do we're gonna do it yeah
hey I mean we did it past the tree we
did it pass the rock here we go are you
serious
oh nothing
come on take your golf break the own
sheet or the fuck oh my god I'm gonna
deliver I said oh my god holy shit do
the first person looks so old you know
he's got a fidelity like we did like a
backflip over the tree and we're still
going hey we hit a rock wall Frankie
looks like all right here is done